Most people think crypto arbitrage is
either too complicated or already dead.
I thought the same until I started using
this exact setup, and that's when
everything changed. In this video, I'm
going to show you how I personally use
crypto arbitrage to generate profit, how
I structure my trades, what risks I
consider, and how I was able to lock in
$6,500
in just one hour using Arbitrage
Scanner. If you're serious about adding
a nondirectional strategy to your crypto
workflow, watch this carefully. Before
we jump in into my real case, let's just
simplify this. What is crypto arbitrage?
Well, it is when you take advantage of
price differences between exchanges. For
example, one exchange, exchange A, lists
a token cheaper. For example, you can
use Gate.com. And then another exchange,
exchange B, lists the same token
slightly higher. For example, bybit.com.
So instead of guessing market direction,
you buy where it's cheap and sell where
it's expensive. So you're not
predicting, you're exploiting
inefficiencies. And that is the key
difference. Now the problem is manually
tracking dozen of exchanges is nearly
impossible honestly. And that is why I
use arbitrage scanner. By the way, you
can find a link down there in the
description, but what it does is it
monitors spreads across multiple
centralized and decentralized exchanges
in real time. Now, speed matters in
arbitrage and this tool gives me that
speed. Now, let me show you a real
example. I received a notification from
arbitrage scanner about a price
discrepancy between gate and bybit.
There was a large spread on the HUSDT
token with a volume of $2,500.
If you check the order book, the actual
volume at that moment was even higher.
Now you open a long position on the
token on gate because the price there
was lower and simultaneously open a
short position on buy bet at a price of
0.08.
The trade lasted for about an hour and
then I waited until the prices nearly
converged. exit price was around 0.0781.
You close both positions and lock in
your profit around $6,500
in just one hour. The result was a solid
arbitrage profit from this setup. Now,
not every trade looks exactly like this,
but this is a good example of how
arbitrage works in practice. Honestly,
it's really, really good and really
simple if you use the right tool. Now,
let me break down why this works. I'm
not betting on the token going up or
down. I'm hatched. Long on one exchange
and short on the other. And when prices
converge, the spread becomes my profit.
That's the whole structure. Now, why I
personally use arbitrage scanner? Well,
there are three main reasons. The first
one is speed and coverage. It tracks
everything. It tracks spreads across CEX
and DEX platforms simultaneously
and manually doing that would require
dozens of tabs and constant monitoring.
Second of all, it is manual. There is no
API to access my funds. My capital stays
on the exchanges I control and the
scanner only identifies opportunities.
Third, it is the structure. It doesn't
just show random price differences. It
shows spot plus future spread funding
arbitrage opportunities and cross
exchange inefficiencies.
This fits directly into a professional
trading workflow. And honestly, it's
really easy to use, really beginner
friendly as well. And there are a number
of strategies. Strategy number one, my
favorite one is the strategy from the
example. You buy a spot on one exchange,
you short futures on another one. And
your goal isn't price movement. Your
goal is convergence. This works in bull
markets, bare markets, and sideways
markets because you're not predicting,
you're neutral. The key variables I look
at is spread percentage, available
volume, order book depth, and withdrawal
deposit speeds if needed. Arbitrage
scanner shows me the spread instantly
which allows me to act before it
disappears. Now another one is funding
rates and you can find it here. Funding
rate arbitrage. This is another major
reason I use this tool. Funding
arbitrage works especially well in
sideways markets. When funding rates are
heavily positive, shorts get paid. When
funding rates are heavily negative,
longs get paid. You can structure
positions that collect funding payments
without taking directional risk. There
are documented cases of traders
generating consistent daily funding
income. For example, $3 to $400 daily
funding gains or structure plays during
volatile periods. Again, this isn't
about prediction. It's about exploiting
structure. And arbitrage scanner helps
identify where those funding
inefficiencies exist. So, who is this
tool actually for? From my experience,
it works for two types of people. If
you're new, you get structured training
after subscribing. They explain
arbitrage mechanics step by step.
There's access to a private community.
You're not left alone figuring things
out. If you're experienced, on the other
hand, it speeds up your workflow. It
scales opportunity discovery. It saves
time. Time in arbitrage equals money.
And missing spreads equals missed
profit. Now let's be real. Arbitrage
isn't risk-f free. You have execution
risk. You have slippage, liquidity
differences, withdrawal delays, exchange
risk. And that's why I always check
volume before entering. I analyze order
books. I avoid thin markets and I manage
capital distribution. Arbitrage scanner
identifies opportunities. execution
discipline is still on you. Now, why
this works in any market is well, most
traders struggle when markets go
sideways or drop. Arbitrage doesn't rely
on trend. If spreads exist, opportunity
exists. That's what I like about it. It
adds a structural income layer to my
trading. It's not hype. It's not
signals. It's not structure. You
actually have a tool that does
everything for you. Now, here's what I
personally use. I use this business plan
right here. I have multiple exchange
accounts prefunded. I've got
notifications active and I've got clear
risk rules. The business plan includes a
personal manager who helps with setup
and stays available 24/7. That's really,
really good. And for beginners, that
guidance can shorten the learning curve
significantly. And one underrated
advantage is the private community.
Members share working strategies. They
share real screenshots, spread setups,
and funding plays. It's not theory, it's
applied. And the platform provides
structured training. Here you can find a
lot of guides and cases on the blogs and
tutorials. And you can learn all about
spot plus futures funding arbitrage
spread identification and execution
logic. That is really important if
you're just starting. So you've now seen
how arbitrage works. You've seen the
$6,500 example. You understand spot plus
futures. And the main reason I use
Arbitrage Scanner is simple. It finds
opportunities faster than I ever could
manually. This platform is widely
recognized in the crypto arbitrage space
and the feedback from users is strong
and the coverage across exchanges is
extensive. So if you want to test this
approach yourself, I left my link down
there in the description. You can use
the promo code arbitrage. You pay for
one month and get the second month for
free. Go ahead and test it. Go through
the training if you're new and just
explore. Promo code arbitrage. The link
is going to be down there.